m
Yes
it
good evening
a month ago
what are you doing by m
at several things mayor among others he does not stand in the lineup
today is oddly the second onslaught of visual art flush with
Earth
so the point of appearing is where among all the press formations
what is happening on the tree stage and she in montreal here now and
that's why you did it to present radiant that you had
want to come here with us today yes absolutely and why it's worth the
pain and what do we see when we go to see a write off actually percent
I know that the goal of the show is creativity but me what
I hope it is it will showcase the creativity and the r
of course capital of retreat quoted corvino level of visual art enough
unstoppable the Commons here by the general public and even by the middle
emi discussed who does what so no
and for 100 euros level of the media and even at the level of the emirates
parentheses a year ago there are gaps in this underground car park
are you yourself by then
yes practice training but I feel a little aside lately these
recent years to put forward initiatives that allow
in the back within nine if we want
to be highlighted what does it give me more satisfaction to do
a work editor work of others
and promote our own work c ap i think it's universal out
to discuss these ungrateful departure from the province in% self admission it's always
something pete it's the threat that does not weigh
and then I admit that can take others is something that brings me
a lot of satisfactions especially who has more there are so many beautiful things
there is so much to see
so what did you do to some people think that this is
because you are an artist ourselves
that's sure it helps - target and macy's finished% at 4057 a little more than
ten years
to the question but my father bernard desum was great at the university
ottawa
she remained a great opportunity to leave young people and then when I
went out and it was he was living late that never get to become an artist at
the side was clear like rock water so I turned to
my job I did things
eq it is with that of May I wanted a little and then we really have nothing but for
me it was the music from there in canada
world bank for my schedule already it was
something but all that to say that
the years old artists by default we are isolated
his hands
but but these sardines some places
messi we can also rebuild this isolation to eat
cooked
ebay had met
eq people who enroll in communities so that was a bit of a
stage this need and the head compensation hours
- I would like to set up
Impregilo
in e sport what creates a community i think i will find% and i
call back
so if I play the middleman
and like this Father's Day
yes it's very rewarding in fact it's sure not what it's 30 years I
stalled for a year of history fired because it's a bit like you're not
on the same scale but still tartar
I think that any artist is always activated by the approval by the
parties
to speak a sawtooth session twente is very tight then
so much better it can be a guarantee of quality but still
when we can see it cc
it makes carnacois when we see that people are listening and already braided already
already looks back at people targeted genres then clicks the scene that's
a proof that we do not speak in the vacuum August something that
resonates and with the word of the end
the first activity the art galleries the centers of activities and cc of
mines of gold mines
I concede it to you
even worse for me fathers